---
page_title: "skysql_service Data Source - terraform-provider-skysql-alpha"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns an full SkySQL service details
---

# skysql_service (Data Source)

Returns an full SkySQL service details

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "skysql_service" "default" {
  service_id = "dbpwf22338686"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `service_id` (String) The ID of the service

### Read-Only

- `architecture` (String) The CPU architecture of the service. Possible values are: amd64 or arm64
- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider where the service is deployed
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the service.
- `created_on` (Number) The timestamp when the service was created.
- `endpoints` (Attributes List) The list of endpoints for the service. Each endpoint has a name and a list of ports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the service.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Indicates whether the service is active.
- `name` (String) The name of the service
- `nodes` (Number) The number of nodes in the service.
- `nosql_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether NoSQL is enabled for the service.
- `outbound_ips` (List of String) The list of outbound IP addresses for the service.
- `primary_host` (String) The primary host for the service. This is only applicable for replication enabled services.
- `region` (String) The region where the service is deployed
- `replication_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether replication is enabled for the service.
- `service_type` (String) The service type. Possible values: analytical or transactional
- `size` (String) The size of the service. Possible values are: sky-2x4, sky-2x8 etc
- `ssl_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether SSL is enabled for the service.
- `status` (String) The service status
- `storage_volume` (Attributes) The storage volume for the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_volume))
- `tier` (String) The tier of the service. Possible values are: foundation or power
- `topology` (String) The topology of the service. Possible values are: es-single, es-replica, xpand, csdw and sa
- `updated_by` (String) The user who last updated the service.
- `updated_on` (Number) The timestamp when the service was last updated.
- `version` (String) The database service version.

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_accounts` (List of String)
- `endpoint_service` (String)
- `mechanism` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `ports` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--ports))
- `visibility` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.ports`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `purpose` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--storage_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_volume`

Optional:

- `iops` (Number) The number of IOPS for the storage volume. This is only applicable for io1 volumes.

Read-Only:

- `size` (Number) The size of the storage volume in GB.
- `volume_type` (String) The type of the storage volume. Possible values are: gp2, io1 etc

