docs/resources/skysql_service.md, before:

---
page_title: "skysql_service Resource - terraform-provider-skysql-alpha"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages a service in SkySQL
---

# skysql_service (Resource)

Creates and manages a service in SkySQL

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a service
resource "skysql_service" "default" {
  project_id     = data.skysql_projects.default.projects[0].id
  service_type   = "transactional"
  topology       = "es-single"
  cloud_provider = "aws"
  region         = "us-east-1"
  name           = "myservice"
  architecture   = "amd64"
  nodes          = 1
  size           = "sky-2x8"
  storage        = 100
  ssl_enabled    = true
  version        = data.skysql_versions.default.versions[0].name
  volume_type    = "gp2"
  # The service create is an asynchronous operation.
  # if you want to wait for the service to be created set wait_for_creation to true
  wait_for_creation = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider to create the service in. Valid values are: aws or gcp
- `name` (String) The name of the service
- `region` (String) The region to create the service in. Value should be valid for a specific cloud provider
- `service_type` (String) The type of service to create. Valid values are: analytical or transactional
- `topology` (String) The topology of the service. Valid values are: es-single, es-replica, xpand, csdw and sa

### Optional

- `allow_list` (Attributes List) The list of IP addresses with comments to allow access to the service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allow_list))
- `architecture` (String) The architecture of the service. Valid values are: amd64 or arm64
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Whether to enable deletion protection. Valid values are: true or false. Default is true
- `endpoint_allowed_accounts` (List of String) The list of cloud accounts (aws account ids or gcp projects) that are allowed to access the service
- `endpoint_mechanism` (String) The endpoint mechanism to use. Valid values are: privatelink or nlb
- `is_active` (Boolean) Whether the service is active
- `maxscale_nodes` (Number) The number of MaxScale nodes
- `maxscale_size` (String) The size of the MaxScale nodes. Valid values are: sky-2x4, sky-2x8 etc
- `nodes` (Number) The number of nodes
- `nosql_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable NoSQL. Valid values are: true or false
- `primary_host` (String) The primary host of the service
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project to create the service in
- `replication_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable global replication. Valid values are: true or false. Works for xpand-direct topology only
- `size` (String) The size of the service. Valid values are: sky-2x4, sky-2x8 etc
- `ssl_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable SSL. Valid values are: true or false
- `storage` (Number) The storage size in GB. Valid values are: 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, 1000, 2000, 3000, 4000, 5000, 6000, 7000, 8000, 9000, 10000
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `version` (String) The software version
- `volume_iops` (Number) The volume IOPS. This is only applicable for AWS
- `volume_type` (String) The volume type. Valid values are: gp2 and io1. This is only applicable for AWS
- `wait_for_creation` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the service to be created. Valid values are: true or false
- `wait_for_deletion` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the service to be deleted. Valid values are: true or false
- `wait_for_update` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the service to be updated. Valid values are: true or false

### Read-Only

- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the service. The FQDN is only available when the service is in the ready state
- `id` (String) The ID of the service

<a id="nestedatt--allow_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_list`

Required:

- `ip` (String) The IP address to allow access to the service. The IP must be in a valid CIDR format

Optional:

- `comment` (String) A comment to describe the IP address


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)

Commit message:

Added endpoint_mechanism to the service resource

docs/resources/skysql_service.md, after:

---
page_title: "skysql_service Resource - terraform-provider-skysql-alpha"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages a service in SkySQL
---

# skysql_service (Resource)

Creates and manages a service in SkySQL

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a service
resource "skysql_service" "default" {
  project_id     = data.skysql_projects.default.projects[0].id
  service_type   = "transactional"
  topology       = "es-single"
  cloud_provider = "aws"
  region         = "us-east-1"
  name           = "myservice"
  architecture   = "amd64"
  nodes          = 1
  size           = "sky-2x8"
  storage        = 100
  ssl_enabled    = true
  version        = data.skysql_versions.default.versions[0].name
  volume_type    = "gp2"
  # The service create is an asynchronous operation.
  # if you want to wait for the service to be created set wait_for_creation to true
  wait_for_creation = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider to create the service in. Valid values are: aws or gcp
- `name` (String) The name of the service
- `region` (String) The region to create the service in. Value should be valid for a specific cloud provider
- `service_type` (String) The type of service to create. Valid values are: analytical or transactional
- `topology` (String) The topology of the service. Valid values are: es-single, es-replica, xpand, csdw and sa

### Optional

- `allow_list` (Attributes List) The list of IP addresses with comments to allow access to the service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allow_list))
- `architecture` (String) The architecture of the service. Valid values are: amd64 or arm64
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Whether to enable deletion protection. Valid values are: true or false. Default is true
- `endpoint_allowed_accounts` (List of String) The list of cloud accounts (aws account ids or gcp projects) that are allowed to access the service
- `endpoint_mechanism` (String) The endpoint mechanism to use. Valid values are: privateconnect or nlb
- `is_active` (Boolean) Whether the service is active
- `maxscale_nodes` (Number) The number of MaxScale nodes
- `maxscale_size` (String) The size of the MaxScale nodes. Valid values are: sky-2x4, sky-2x8 etc
- `nodes` (Number) The number of nodes
- `nosql_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable NoSQL. Valid values are: true or false
- `primary_host` (String) The primary host of the service
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project to create the service in
- `replication_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable global replication. Valid values are: true or false. Works for xpand-direct topology only
- `size` (String) The size of the service. Valid values are: sky-2x4, sky-2x8 etc
- `ssl_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable SSL. Valid values are: true or false
- `storage` (Number) The storage size in GB. Valid values are: 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, 1000, 2000, 3000, 4000, 5000, 6000, 7000, 8000, 9000, 10000
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `version` (String) The software version
- `volume_iops` (Number) The volume IOPS. This is only applicable for AWS
- `volume_type` (String) The volume type. Valid values are: gp2 and io1. This is only applicable for AWS
- `wait_for_creation` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the service to be created. Valid values are: true or false
- `wait_for_deletion` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the service to be deleted. Valid values are: true or false
- `wait_for_update` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the service to be updated. Valid values are: true or false

### Read-Only

- `endpoint_service` (String) The endpoint service name of the service, when mechanism is a privateconnect.
- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the service. The FQDN is only available when the service is in the ready state
- `id` (String) The ID of the service

<a id="nestedatt--allow_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_list`

Required:

- `ip` (String) The IP address to allow access to the service. The IP must be in a valid CIDR format

Optional:

- `comment` (String) A comment to describe the IP address


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)
